---
layout: page
name: covid
title: Status report in relation to COVID-19
label: COVID-19
description: >-
  Stay up to date on the latest details from Confuror 2020 regarding the COVID-19 sanitary situation
lang: en
featured: false
category: cat_about
category_weight: 0
permalink: /en/covid-19/
---

For the second year in a row, circumstances related to the Covid-19 pandemic are pushing us to take action concerning Confuror and its execution. For several months we have been reviewing plans and alternatives. On this page we compile information on the decisions made so far in the face of the pandemic by the event organization. In brief:

- **We have moved the contract with our venue from 2021 to 2022**. The new date for the next full edition of Confuror is pending confirmation, but has been requested for October 2022.
- Our registration form for 2022 (formerly 2020 - 2021) is suspended pending reopening in late 2021 or early 2022.
- **All current tickets purchased for the original 2020 or 2021 events will be valid for 2022**, no action is required to carry over to 2022.
- In 2021 we will hold a free, open, online event. Details of the event will be announced shortly.

## Current registrations

All tickets purchased between 2020 and 2021 will be valid for the 2022 event as long as they have not been donated or requested to be cancelled. If you have a current 2021 access, no action is required to transfer it to 2022. If you wish to donate your current access, please contact reg@confuror.org to cancel it. Donated tickets help us to maintain the operating expenses generated by the event.

If a refund is required, cash refunds can only be requested for tickets purchased during 2021. Older tickets are only eligible for transfer or refund in the form of a voucher valid for the following year.

## Online event

The online version of the event is still on track to run during 2021. This online event is open and free. It is not necessary to have a registration to the event to participate, nor to participate in the online event consumes your active ticket (currently for 2022). The activities that we will have will be announced shortly, we will look for the platforms to be similar to those used in 2020. The dates for this online event are tentatively the dates originally announced for our in-person event (October 28-31), but we will confirm as soon as possible if it will be held on these same dates.

{%
  include {{ site.formats.inline_alert }}
  mode="warning"
  heading="Let's all take care of ourselves!"
  message="The information on this page will be kept up to date. We know that the situation is not ideal and like many, we already want to be able to see each other again. But we must be patient and if we have to wait a little longer, for the good of all, we must do it."
%}

Be very careful. Let's not let our guard down.

<p class="signature">Confuror 2020-2022 direction board.</p>

