---
layout: document_index
id: terms_of_service
title: Terms of Service
label: Terms of Service
description: Last update January 2019
lang: en
list_id: about_documents
list_weight: 3
category: cat_about
category_weight: 3
---

By signing up for Confuror 2019, you agree to the following terms of service through which Vidafur's organizing committee will provide you access to the event and the additional benefits that you may have acquired along with it. Also declaring that you will be aware of any modification or adjustment that you are notified about the points indicated here.

## 1) Offline payments

- **1.1)** In case you have selected payment by transfer, deposit or PayPal Invoice during the registration, the cost of your registration must be paid within a period no longer than 2 business days after receiving the email with the information of bank accounts or Invoice of Paypal. Otherwise, the registration will be canceled and increases to the rate or loss of availability may apply.

## 2) Reembolsos y transferencias

- **2.1)** In case of requesting a refund in cash, the commissions generated by use of the registration system (RegFox, 1% + $ 0.99 usd) or generated by use of electronic payment processors (Paypal, Stripe 3.6% + $ 3.00 mxn) can not be reimbursed. As well as any bank commission that the transaction could generate.

- **2.2)** If any refund is requested, we will be offer to transfer the balance paid to the event to a later edition. In case the assistant accepts, a discount code will be provided to deduct the current balance from the total of a new record in the next edition.

- **2.3)** The deadline to request refunds in cash or transfer of access rights is September 1, 2019 at 23:59 hrs (GMT-06: 00). After that date, only reimbursements may be issued using discount codes for subsequent editions, as described in previous points..

- **2.4)** If the assistant can not attend the event, he / she may request the shipment of the items included in his / her access package (T-shirt or other gifts, as specified) by the private courier of his / her choice, without the responsibility of Confuror for the sending process. The cost of these items in addition to the cost of the shipment will be deducted from your available balance and the remaining balance, if any, may be delivered in the form of a discount code for the next edition to which the assistant originally registered.

- **2.5)** Any transaction will be processed according to the current exchange rate. Confuror is not responsible for fluctuations in the exchange rate that arise.

## 3) Changes or updates to information

- **3.1)** Due to production times, changes to the data entered will not be accepted after September 1, 2019. This apply but not limits to Assistant data, Badge name, T-shirt sizes and gift design selections.


## 4) Force Majeure

- **3.1)** In the case of force majeure, Vidafur and Confuror exempt themselves from all obligations regarding the outcome of the event. Causes of force majeure include any circumstance beyond the control of the organizing committee that prevents permanent or temporary compliance with the realization of the event. May be natural catastrophes, fire at the headquarters or its surroundings, health emergencies or serious disturbances, such as war, danger of war, government regulations, riots, strikes and transportation difficulties that affect the organization of the event or its suppliers.
